remove chart studio from security program (#562)
plotly/plotly.github.io: _posts/fundamentals/2016-08-02-security.md

support: true
---

> **Update 05.04.2023:** We are no longer accepting security reports for Chart Studio. Please direct all security investigations to our Dash Enterprise product. A demo instance of this offering can be found here: https://sales-demo.plotly.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update May 4, 2023:** We are no longer accepting security reports for Chart Studio. Please direct all security investigations to our Dash Enterprise product. A demo instance of this offering can be found here: https://sales-demo.plotly.com.
```
Just to remove ambiguity between May 4 and April 5 😉 

Do we want to add anything about security in our OSS packages? We certainly accept and have paid for reports about XSS and related attacks in Dash and the graphing libraries but I don't know if this is explicitly reported anywhere.

Author: Thanks : ) I agree let's add something about OSS packages. I'll make that change.
